Enough, what kind of decency is necessary?
Why did you become Song Chu Qin Yuan of the Demon Sect?
You let cut
Count me as killing this woman and then tell you uncle
Don't think you have the power of the Sword Emperor of Shushan Mountain
You can be my enemy
Fall in love with me
These two people.
In the hands of one person
There is the matching sword of the Shushan Sword Emperor. Shushan Sword
Another person got it
The Sword Emperor of Shushan Sword Emperor
Both of these are extremely powerful treasures
Exactly.
Thousands of years ago, the Shushan Sword Emperor opened the sky with the Shushan Sword
With the seal of the Sword Emperor, Zhenguo Qin Yun, you should get out of the way
So as not to hurt your Shushan Sword Emperor's treasure
I am the Sword Emperor of Shushan